Well I had kind of an interesting way to go through the service. After
I'd work my way up from boot camp to morse code training to language
school to some advanced training and then duty in combat zones. I
got out of the Marine Corps and joined the Navy because I got all that
the Marine Corps and had gotten out of the Marine Corps as a staff
sergeant and A six, the Navy let me list as an E six cryptologic technician
interpretive branch one. So it is a first class petty officer
CTI one. That was my first position and that position is charged
with doing various translations of foreign languages that are products
of the cryptologic process but I think it's by as much as I can
see about that.